All stats are present for both the regular season, and playoffs if applicable.

Pos -- Position
Age -- Player's age on February 1 of the season
Tm -- Team
G -- Games
GS -- Games Started
MP -- Minutes Played Per Game
FG -- Field Goals Per Game
FGA -- Field Goal Attempts Per Game
FG% -- Field Goal Percentage
3P -- 3-Point Field Goals Per Game
3PA -- 3-Point Field Goal Attempts Per Game
3P% -- 3-Point Field Goal Percentage
2P -- 2-Point Field Goals Per Game
2PA -- 2-Point Field Goal Attempts Per Game
2P% -- 2-Point Field Goal Percentage
eFG% -- Effective Field Goal Percentage
This statistic adjusts for the fact that a 3-point field goal is worth one more point than a 2-point field goal.
FT -- Free Throws Per Game
FTA -- Free Throw Attempts Per Game
FT% -- Free Throw Percentage
ORB -- Offensive Rebounds Per Game
DRB -- Defensive Rebounds Per Game
TRB -- Total Rebounds Per Game
AST -- Assists Per Game
STL -- Steals Per Game
BLK -- Blocks Per Game
TOV -- Turnovers Per Game
PF -- Personal Fouls Per Game
PTS -- Points Per Game

PER -- Player Efficiency Rating
A measure of per-minute production standardized such that the league average is 15.
TS% -- True Shooting Percentage
A measure of shooting efficiency that takes into account 2-point field goals, 3-point field goals, and free throws.
3PAr -- 3-Point Attempt Rate
Percentage of FG Attempts from 3-Point Range
FTr -- Free Throw Attempt Rate
Number of FT Attempts Per FG Attempt
ORB% -- Offensive Rebound Percentage
An estimate of the percentage of available offensive rebounds a player grabbed while he was on the floor.
DRB% -- Defensive Rebound Percentage
An estimate of the percentage of available defensive rebounds a player grabbed while he was on the floor.
TRB% -- Total Rebound Percentage
An estimate of the percentage of available rebounds a player grabbed while he was on the floor.
AST% -- Assist Percentage
An estimate of the percentage of teammate field goals a player assisted while he was on the floor.
STL% -- Steal Percentage
An estimate of the percentage of opponent possessions that end with a steal by the player while he was on the floor.
BLK% -- Block Percentage
An estimate of the percentage of opponent two-point field goal attempts blocked by the player while he was on the floor.
TOV% -- Turnover Percentage
An estimate of turnovers committed per 100 plays.
USG% -- Usage Percentage
An estimate of the percentage of team plays used by a player while he was on the floor.
OWS -- Offensive Win Shares
An estimate of the number of wins contributed by a player due to his offense.
DWS -- Defensive Win Shares
An estimate of the number of wins contributed by a player due to his defense.
WS -- Win Shares
An estimate of the number of wins contributed by a player.
WS/48 -- Win Shares Per 48 Minutes
An estimate of the number of wins contributed by a player per 48 minutes (league average is approximately .100)
OBPM -- Offensive Box Plus/Minus
A box score estimate of the offensive points per 100 possessions a player contributed above a league-average player, translated to an average team.
DBPM -- Defensive Box Plus/Minus
A box score estimate of the defensive points per 100 possessions a player contributed above a league-average player, translated to an average team.
BPM -- Box Plus/Minus
A box score estimate of the points per 100 possessions a player contributed above a league-average player, translated to an average team.
VORP -- Value over Replacement Player
A box score estimate of the points per 100 TEAM possessions that a player contributed above a replacement-level (-2.0) player, translated to an average team and prorated to an 82-game season.

Multiply by 2.70 to convert to wins over replacement.